Add open question about preferring ROS over Span (#8574)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/first-class-span-types.md

overload resolution would mark the former one as "better conversion from expression".

The full change to the spec of "better conversion from expression" would be:

> Given an implicit conversion `C₁` that converts from an expression `E` to a type `T₁`,
> and an implicit conversion `C₂` that converts from an expression `E` to a type `T₂`,
> `C₁` is a *better conversion* than `C₂` if one of the following holds:
>
> - `E` is a *collection expression* and one of the following holds:
>   - `T₁` is `System.ReadOnlySpan<E₁>`, and `T₂` is `System.Span<E₂>`, and an implicit conversion exists from `E₁` to `E₂`.
>   - `T₁` is `System.ReadOnlySpan<E₁>` or `System.Span<E₁>`, and `T₂` is an *array_or_array_interface* with *element type* `E₂`, and an implicit conversion exists from `E₁` to `E₂`.
>   - `T₁` is not a *span_type*, and `T₂` is not a *span_type*, and an implicit conversion exists from `T₁` to `T₂`.
> - `E` is not a *collection expression* and one of the following holds:
>   - `E` exactly matches `T₁` and `E` does not exactly match `T₂`
>   - **`E` exactly matches neither of `T₁` and `T₂`,
>     and `C₁` is an implicit span conversion and `C₂` is not an implicit span conversion**

> >   - **`E` exactly matches both or neither of `T₁` and `T₂`,
> >     and both of `C₁` and `C₂` are an implicit span conversion
> >     and `C₁` is from array to ReadOnlySpan and `C₂` is from array to Span,**

Reviewer: How about the following?
```suggestion
>   - **`E` has an *array type* `T[]`, and `C₁` is an implicit span conversion from `T[]` to `System.ReadOnlySpan<E₁>`, and `C₂` is an implicit span conversion from `T[]` to `System.Span<E₂>`,**
```

>   - `E` exactly matches both or neither of `T₁` and `T₂`,
>     **both or neither of `C₁` and `C₂` are an implicit span conversion**,
>     and `T₁` is a better conversion target than `T₂`
> - `E` is a method group, `T₁` is compatible with the single best method from the method group for conversion `C₁`, and `T₂` is not compatible with the single best method from the method group for conversion `C₂`

> Alternatively, the BCL *and third parties* would need to add ORPA to many overloads like https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/109549.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the BCL *and third parties* would need to add `[OverloadResolutionPriorty]` attributes to many overloads like https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/109549.
```
